{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red202\green202\blue202;
\red23\green23\blue23;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c83137\c83137\c83137;
\cssrgb\c11765\c11765\c11765;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\

\fs34  Chicken questions:
\fs24 \
\
1) How many times a week do you eat chicken? \
2) Which meal has a smaller carbon footprint? \
3)How much water do you think is required to produce 1kg of .. \
4) How many \'85 do you think are killed every week? \
5)Which of the following products has smaller carbon footprint? \
6)\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf0 chicken Facts
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Chickens bred for meat are arguably the most genetically manipulated of all animals, forced to grow 65 times faster than their bodies normally would, and the industry continually seeks to increase their growth rate.\'a0\
\
Chickens and turkeys together represent\'a099% of\'a0land animals slaughtered for food in the United States. (2)\
\
\
1) How many times a week do you eat x\
2) How many x are killed every week\
3) 
\f2\fs24 \cf4 \cb5 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 How long does a broiler live for before reaching slaughter date?\cb1 \

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \outl0\strokewidth0 4) How much water is required to produce 1kg of x\
5) \cf2 \cb3 For how long would you have to drive to produce the same amount of carbon \
footprint as producing 1kg of x\
6) Which product has a bigger carbon footprint?\
7) Which meal has a bigger carbon footprint? }